
USA Swimming logo
USA Swimming Member, 

Your USA Swimming membership is set to expire on December 31, 2022. With the launch of USA Swimming’s new Online Member Registration (OMR) there are important changes to be aware of when renewing your membership.  
 
 Below are some tips to help you successfully navigate USA Swimming's new OMR process:
With the launch of a new membership database, USA Swimming has assigned new member IDs to all existing USA Swimming members. Your old USA Swimming ID should not be used during the renewal process.
Since you or your child are an existing member of USA Swimming looking to renew, when prompted, ensure you select “I am an existing member of USA Swimming”. Existing members are still required to create a new USA Swimming account. Even though you are required to create a new account, you are still an existing member of USA Swimming and need to select “I am an Existing Member” when navigating the renewal process.
If you fail to select “I am an existing member” you will not have the opportunity to link to your Member ID and your account will not inherit your historical Times, Certifications, etc.
 
If you are a parent renewing on behalf of your children, please be aware of the following:
Parents need to create a USA Swimming account but are not required to pay. If you create an account as a parent, you are not required to pay a membership fee to USA Swimming.
Once you have created a parent account, or if you have previously created a parent account, you will have the opportunity to add your children to your account. When adding children, and registering/renewing them as members, you will be required to pay the associated membership fee for each child.
When adding children to your account, you will be asked to link the child to an existing membership. If you do not link your child as an existing member, their accounts will not inherit their historical Times, Certifications, etc.
 
If you experience any difficulties during the registration process or with your membership status following renewal, please reach out to your Club Admin. If your Club Admin can’t troubleshoot the issue, please open a support ticket with USA Swimming by clicking here.