Welcome to the R.A.I.S.E. Newsletter!

The Office of Career Development & Professional Engagement is excited to provide the R.A.I.S.E. Your Career Newsletter highlighting the applied learning opportunities available to students. This newsletter focuses on developing your professional experience through research, athletics, internships, study abroad experiences, externships, and much more. This newsletter will be sent out twice a month during the academic year. If you are interested in exploring more applied learning opportunities, make an advising appointment to meet with an advisor in TribeCareers. As a reminder, see the Office of Career Development & Professional Engagement hours at the end of the newsletter.

UPCOMING OPPORTUNITIES

Alan B. Miller Entrepreneurship Center Rocket Pitch

Rocket Pitch is a pitch competition where entrepreneurial thinkers have four minutes to convince the crowd they've spotted a meaningful problem worth solving and a great idea to meet the need. 

Join us live at the Hub every Friday at 2 or during one of the below times to present your idea or engage the audience in Q&A and voting. If you can't make it in person, Zoom in for the presentations! 

Mentor Session: November 3, 2:30-3:30 pm
Guest Speaker Series: November 4, 2:00-3:00 pm 
Rocket Pitch: November 11, 2:00-3:00 pm 
Startup Ecosystem Excursion: November 18, 9:00 am - 5:00 pm 
W&M Ventures Demo Day: December 2, 3:00-5:00 pm 
Interested in pitching? Apply here!

EC Round Logo

International Education Week

International Education Week (IEW) celebrates the benefits of international education and exchange worldwide. This joint initiative of the U.S. Department of Education and the U.S. Department of State is an opportunity to highlight the value of global and cultural competencies and promote programs that help U.S. students and teachers develop global skills for success in the 21st century.

See below for the schedule of sessions held by the Office of Career Development & Professional Engagement and be on the lookout for additional opportunities in the upcoming weeks: